I'm going to raid your father said stop
calm this is a nice daffodil Bex but if
the owners of this house would have
applied a little bit of lead prevented
like you see here chick weeds Jim Pitts
boots what they should have done this
they should have taken a product and we
might print it's called the mace and
it's a an old bluegrass weed preventer
those daffodils in the fall they applied
the a mace
it's a read good control and then most
of it afterwards they would have had the
nice beech tree better daffodils of
course now we enjoyed the flowers what
we're going to do is it actually should
have be done a little early already but
you can only make so many videos we take
this plant trust and its need
professional flower and built fertilizer
at CDU it's same one as he turf trust
and what we're going to do is we're
gonna tie some of that see here's the
product and we're just going to sprinkle
it in between the daffodils so if you
don't feed to dow for those daffodils
they're supposed to come back year after
year after year but if you don't give
him the NSE and the fertilizer then
maybe another month another year they
may be blooming and after that you see
both the leaves coming up so what i'm
telling you right now go out if you
haven't fed to daffodils with the plant
trust do it now in new england if you
just come out of the ground do it as
soon as possible he a maryland here and
we're kinda late already
so after about a week or two when the
daffodils are dog here in maryland then
we're not gonna just cut them down and
i'm gonna plan some early summer flowers
down there no we wait for at least
another six to eight weeks before the
foliage turns yellow and then you can
cut the folders down and plant some
maybe summer flowers on there like
fingers at that time
don't cut them down right now because
you left poor blooming next year and I'm
Joseph Iranian garden cents calm